,Opiniones,polaridad
0, One Watch To Rule Them All,0.0
1,"It's the watch your dad had in 1989. It is cool for this fact because you are now the same age as your dad in 1989. You never understood this basic watch in your younger years since you always wanted a Rolex or Omega. You always wanted a Lamborghini or Ferrari too but guess what? You are older and drive a paid off Camry and just like that Camry this little beauty is the most practical thing ever and can probably survive WWIII. It can get beat up, neglected, you can leave it on at the neighbor's pool party and it will always be there to tell you happily that lunch time is in 10 minutes.Yeah 10 minutes can you believe that the morning went so quick for a Tuesday? Also remember it is now March. Yeah February kinda flew by right? It is a certain confidence that lets the world know you aren't compensating for any lack of character. It's not even solar. Keep of the light button and the battery will last 11 years no problem but, you will probably drop it on a cruse before then and have a archaeologist in 3789 C.E. find it in the now drained ocean and think it is a ancient symbol of our god 'Casio'. Yeah it is tougher than nails.  And yes button 'A' is recessed more than the other buttons so your grubby mitts won't accidentally hit it and engage the 'change time' mode and eff up you perfectly synced quartz Feng Shui. Casio has got you bro.  ",0.26484375
2, Survived Army Basic Training and Afghanistan,0.0
3,"When I joined the US Army we were given a cheap army branded watch to use. It sucked. It didn't survive a week. I wrote home and weeks later got what I asked for. A Casio g shock, the same model the I saw many others in my platoon use. It survived thousands of push-ups on pavement, dirt, rocks. It survived low crawling hundreds of meters through thick Georgia brush. It survived all the mud, sweat and moisture and bangs the army could throw at it. Now it's in Afghanistan with me. It's comfortable to keep under the cuff of my OCP uniform. You will forget it's even there. I though about swapping the band out with a nicer one but it's really not needed, it's durable and comfortable. I never take it off, wear it in the shower and never had an issue. Before deploying I swam in the ocean with it and worked fine. If you need a watch that can survive any life style this is the one.  ",0.1716666666666667
4, Awesome Classic G-Shock,0.5833333333333334
5,"This is actually my first Square G-Shock.  I'm used to wearing the ones with the sensors, tough solar, and automatic time-keeping, and I didn't think I'd wear this one a lot.  But I actually wear it a lot!  This is the closest you'll get to the original 1983 DW 5000.  I can see why G-Shock fans love this watch. The light is pretty darn bright, and you also have a feature where you can make the watch light up whenever you have an alarm or the hourly time signal on.  Sure, it doesn't have auto-light, but hey, it's a classic G-Shock.  It has the 3 basic functions: stopwatch with split time, a timer that runs 24 hours, and an alarm.  Few things I need to mention for those considering getting this watch for the first time.  The stopwatch and timer both show the current time when you're in their modes.  This is one of the reasons I decided to get the DW 5600e.  I tried the GWM 5610 but I had to return it because both the stopwatch and timer would not display the current time.  The timer: it runs 24 hours, and it displays the current time.  What's also cool about the timer is that you can also set seconds, and any amount of seconds is fine, whether you want 5 seconds or even just 2 seconds or so.  Very cool.  As for the alarm, again, just one alarm.  An interesting thing about the alarm is that you can set an alarm for a certain month and day.  This would be cool if the watch had more than one alarm.  4 alarms would good for this kind of date feature.  I use a lot of alarms every day, so the month/day feature on the one single alarm is interesting.  The beeps are pretty audible and it has that classic Casio sound.  However, keep in mind that the sound can't be muted.  Again, classic G-Shock.  Unlike most modern squares, the adjust button is less visible on the side.  But it's not difficult to press.  In fact, all the buttons are easy to press.  Also, whenever you play around with any of the modes of the watch, when you press the mode button, you automatically go back to the current time.  Since there's only 3 basic features and the buttons are easy to press, this isn't too big of a deal.  Lastly, when setting current time, timer, and alarm, you only get one button to use after you press adjust, and it only goes forward.  I didn't like it at first, but when you hold the button down, the numbers more pretty fast.  I got used to it after a day or two.  I've seen videos of people in Japan testing this particular watch, and man, it's a tough guy!  I've seen it been dropped from several stories high, crushed by machinery, sunk 200 M below the sea, and I've even seen it completely covered in mud.  It's almost as tough as a basic Mudmaster.  The strap is extremely comfortable and the watch is so light you sometimes forget you're wearing it.  The watch stays on beat almost all the time.  I never have to worry about adjusting the time once in a while or have it be off by a few seconds.  Overall, this is an awesome watch and one that everyone, especially G-Shock fans, should have at some point in their lives.  There, I think I've covered everything I could.",0.1917424780857617
6,G-SHOCKの原点  ,0.0
7,  普段はカシオの、F-91WやF-105Wを着けることが多いです。 どちらも1000円にも満たない、本当にいい時計です。 僕はそれらが好きだから、仕事でもプライベートでも、海外旅行でもスポーツでも、よっぽどフォーマルな場を除いては、大体着けています。 だから、僕の場合他の時計はあんまり必要性がないのだけど、ある種の所有欲や、TPOにそぐわない場面のために、いわゆるチプカシ以外の時計も一応持っています。 このG-SHOCKも持っています。 僕はチプカシが本当にかっこいいと思ってるけど、たとえいい物はいいと思える人でも、1000円の腕時計ははめて歩けないという人もいるでしょう。 そういう人にはこのスピードモデルがおすすめです。 また、彼へのプレゼントにも、いいと思います。 男性でこのデザインを好まない人はあまりいません。 いろんなスタイルにも合わせやすいですしね。 僕がもしこの時計を女性からプレゼントされたら、その女性のことをいっぺんに好きになってしまいます。 さて、微妙にチプカシのレビューのようになってしまいましたが、このスピードモデルはまさに鉄板、そして王道。 絶対に間違いありません。 ,0.0
8,8年経過後…  ,0.0
9,  8年間使ってます。 なんやかんやアウトドア、日常、仕事とずっと装着してます。 付いている傷は微小だし、電池は切れないし、全く良いパートナーです。 2020年７月追記。 ついに電池が切れました。バックライト、アラームはほぼ使用せずです。 2011年の10月に購入して2020年7月に切れたので…8年9ヶ月電池が持ちました。 ,0.0
10,A watch for virgins  ,0.0
11,"  This is a legendary watch - just as ugly and functional as the original 5600 from 1987. I can't think of a better beater watch for your money. This thing is practically indestructible, and it keeps amazingly good time for an inexpensive timepiece. Since I am absolutely anal about accuracy, I adjust it occasionally using the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), and the U. S. Naval Observatory (USNO) atomic clocks, and it's never out by more than a second or two. Very impressive. Another nice thing about this watch is that it doesn't look like a Transformer toy strapped to your wrist like some other G-Shocks do. The DW5600E has a lower profile and you can actually wear it under the cuff of a dress shirt. This watch is also very lightweight and comfortable. You won't even know you're wearing it. Save for a few small details here or there, it’s incredibly similar to the original but uses a plastic case in place of the original’s blacked-out stainless steel. Actually, the cheaper material works in the watch’s favor. For one, it means it will remain very affordable. Secondly, because plastic has an elasticity to it that metal just doesn’t have, it absorbs shocks better. Finally, there are the pop culture references that make this watch timeless. James Bond never wore it, but Steve Carell did in The 40-Year-Old Virgin. It's been spotted in many other shows and movies as well. When your friends ask you about it you can proudly say that it is the official watch of virgins worldwide. ",0.24224137931034484
